Create build-the-builder.md (#3019)
kubevirt/containerized-data-importer: doc/build-the-builder.md

# Build The KubeVirt CDI Builder Container

## Native Build toolchain

1. Install the [prerequisites](https://github.com/kubevirt/kubevirt/blob/main/docs/build-the-builder.md#prerequisites) as in the instructions for building the KubeVirt builder container.
2. Also install `jq` if the docker build utility you use is `podman-buildah`.  

> 3. Build the KubeVirt builder container if you haven't already

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Build the containerized data importer builder container if you haven't already
```
